Skip db add-on with HEROKU_SKIP_DATABASE_PROVISION (#1349)
heroku/heroku-buildpack-ruby: changelogs/v249/skip_database_provision.md

> ## Apps that use the `heroku/ruby` buildpack can now skip database provisioning on the first push with the  `HEROKU_SKIP_DATABASE_PROVISION` environment variable.

Reviewer: It feels like this title might be a bit long for the changelog site (both from a field validation point of view, and from a legibility/consistency with other posts point of view).

What do you think about this shorter wording? (Feel free to use your own instead, if you can think of something better)

```suggestion
## Apps that use the `heroku/ruby` buildpack can now skip automatic database provisioning using an environment variable
```

> When applications are deployed to Heroku, the last buildpack to execute can request add-ons are provisioned via the [`bin/release` interface](https://devcenter.heroku.com/articles/buildpack-api#bin-release). The `heroku/ruby` buildpack checks if the application [contains a Postgres gem](https://github.com/heroku/heroku-buildpack-ruby/blob/104fe3a374e07a8f3723f110c2148d57ecb9ee79/lib/language_pack/ruby.rb#L992-L1008) and request that Heroku provision a database for the application automatically. Before the pricing change, the database requested was free, and adding this add-on by the buildpack would save developers time while setting up applications.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When applications are deployed to Heroku, the last buildpack to execute can request add-ons are provisioned via the [`bin/release` interface](https://devcenter.heroku.com/articles/buildpack-api#bin-release). The `heroku/ruby` buildpack checks if the application [contains a Postgres gem](https://github.com/heroku/heroku-buildpack-ruby/blob/104fe3a374e07a8f3723f110c2148d57ecb9ee79/lib/language_pack/ruby.rb#L992-L1008) and requests that Heroku provision a database for the application automatically. Before the pricing change, the database requested was free, and adding this add-on by the buildpack would save developers time while setting up applications.
```

> When applications are deployed to Heroku, the last buildpack to execute can request add-ons are provisioned via the [`bin/release` interface](https://devcenter.heroku.com/articles/buildpack-api#bin-release). The `heroku/ruby` buildpack checks if the application [contains a Postgres gem](https://github.com/heroku/heroku-buildpack-ruby/blob/104fe3a374e07a8f3723f110c2148d57ecb9ee79/lib/language_pack/ruby.rb#L992-L1008) and request that Heroku provision a database for the application automatically. Before the pricing change, the database requested was free, and adding this add-on by the buildpack would save developers time while setting up applications.

Reviewer: Oh also, when posting the changelog entry, the URL linking to the buildpack source for the implementation will need updating to point to the new SHA after merge, otherwise users following the link will see a file that doesn't implement the env var check, and might get confused :-)

> Developers using the `heroku/ruby` buildpack to deploy new applications who do not want this behavior can opt out by setting the environment variable:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Developers using the `heroku/ruby` buildpack to deploy new applications who do not want this behavior can now opt out by setting the `HEROKU_SKIP_DATABASE_PROVISION` environment variable:
```
